# mmda
Multi-Media Data Aggregator

This project includes building a database that stores data files as data aggregates. Sort of like the ‘Save As’ function, users will be able to name and annotate the files stored in the database. The database should also allow users to search for and retrieve these data aggregates using the information that is stored with the files. Inside the database, each file will be stored with a unique identifier, and some other information that may be stored locally, or retrieved in some way when the user chooses to access it. Because this is a database, the data aggregate should not be bulky and mostly contain just the data necessary to generate the referenced content. The type of thing that is small enough to be sent in an email. The metadata information that could be stored with the file should include things that time of creation, and size. The database should be able to be queried and respond to those queries. 

The scope of this project encompasses the implementation of a  database that stores user created data aggregates system. We need to accept the uploads of any arbitrary files. Theses files can be uploaded individually or in bulk through our web interface, referenced by a URL, or emailed to us. 

When a file is stored in the database, it should be GUIDed and its name should be stored as the name of the DAGR. The associated name and GUID should not change, but the user should be able to search for the file using metadata. In addition to this, the database should also be able to navigate a file system and load many files automatically as well as parse HTML documents and store their associated files correctly.  The database should also include a front end web browser that allows users to query the database as well as store new content. From this interface the user should also be able to delete data aggregates and generate time based reports. The database should also have an efficient way to categorize and store the data aggregates so that the user can search for things based on category or type and find what they are looking for.
